[rocks falling]
[rumbling]
[wings flapping]
[large footsteps echoing]
[ominous music playing]
[warbles]
[high-pitched screech]
[troops chatter]
[ominous music continues]
[running footsteps]
[man] I bear a message.
The scouts say the Spirit
Tortoise is active once again.
[all gasp]
While nothing has happened yet,
it seems
that preparations have begun
for the attack
on the Spirit Tortoise,
and they’re
awaiting your orders.
[Mirellia grunts]
Then go tell
Lowhirot’s siege units,
along with the Spirit
Tortoise Kingdom’s sappers,
to take the positions
that we discussed.
Right!
[chorus vocalizing]
It’s only right
I take command of the sappers.
Leave it to me.
Good luck to you.
[grunts]
[music ends]
[wind blowing]
You’re one
of the Queen’s aides, right?
Why are you here?
I’m here to inform you
that I’ve been trusted
with the task of being
your messenger, I daresay.
[gasps] Wait a second.
Aren’t you
one of Melty’s Shadows?
If you are,
then shouldn’t you be with her?
It was actually her idea.
She asked me to come
to help you however I can.
[sighs] I see.
- [hooves pounding]
- [Eclair] Naofumi!
[horse neighs]
We’ll do this as planned, then.
Yeah. We’ll be needing
your skills as an instructor,
so try not to get yourself
killed out there.
[chuckles]
Right back at you, Shield Hero.
Good luck!
I’ll see you in battle.
Hah!
Raphtalia, can you
help me out with this?
Hmm?
Sure!
[metal rattles]
- Eh?
- Huh?
[Filo] What’s taking so long?
Let’s hurry up!
[sighs]
Battalion!
[dramatic music rises]
[officer] Company!
[officers] Company!
Draw swords!
- Draw swords!
- [soldiers] Draw swords!
[gear rattling]
[chorus vocalizing]
[officer 2] Ready!
[armor clanks]
[Eclair] Forward!
[gasps]
Take a look!
- [gasps]
- Ah!
[soldier] That flag!
It must be him!
- The Shield Hero!
- [soldiers murmuring]
I can’t believe it.
How exciting.
The Shield Hero!
- I can’t see!
- Shield Hero!
Shield Hero!
[chatter continues]
- Shield Hero!
- Over here!
[soldier]
We’re counting on you!
[shouting, cheering continue]
Isn’t that something?
One raise of his fist
was enough to boost
the morale of the troops.
Oh, I see.
So that’s why
he wanted the flag.
That’s certainly part of it.
But later on,
it’ll serve as word of warning
for our enemies to stay back.
I hope it works. After all,
I am about to summon it.
Huh?
[bats screeching]
[gasps]
Are you ready, Rishia?
Y-Yes!
[Naofumi] Right.
[screeching]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Now, Filo!
All right!
Hate Reaction!
It’s working, right?
It might be for now.
Floor it, Filo!
We can’t let them
catch up to us!
I’m on it, Master!
We’re counting on you, Naofumi.
[chorus vocalizing]
Stay in formation!
We’re going to try and
lure the Spirit Tortoise away!
[soldiers yell]
Get the weapons ready!
[rumbling]
It’s here!
[both gasp]
Tactical column!
- Tactical column!
- [cavalry] Tactical column!
[vocalizing continues]
[grunts]
Get ready!
They’re catching up!
[gasps]
Well, we’ve got it where
we want it, that’s for sure.
[Rishia] W-We can’t
keep this up any longer!
Damn it!
Filo, stop!
[Filo grunts]
We’re taking down
all the familiars here and now!
- Right!
- [Filo] Right!
[Rishia]
D-D-Did you say all of them?
[laughs]
They might very well take
all of us out in one fell swoop!
Get out there and show me
what you got, Rishia!
O-Okay!
I, Ost Hourai, give my orders
to the heavens and the earth.
Sever the laws of reality,
bind them together,
and spit out the pus within.
Huh?
By my power,
may the gravity of those
before me be amplified!
Ultra-Gravity Enhancement:
Sinking Temple!
[screeching]
Hold on.
Is she controlling
gravity right now?
[Rishia] I’ve never heard
an incantation like that.
[winces]
That’s because only
a few monsters can use it.
[yetis groaning]
Quick! Now’s your chance!
[grunts]
Raphtalia! Filo!
Rishia! Old woman!
[all] Right!
Fire!
[soldiers] Fire!
[roars]
[growls]
[soldiers gasping]
[chorus vocalizing]
Ying-Yang Blade!
[yetis groan]
Hengen Muso Secret Technique:
Crescent Moon!
[grunts]
[winces]
Drifa Tornado!
[Rishia] You’re all
seriously amazing.
Even so, it doesn’t really seem
like we’re having
much of an effect.
Reporting, I daresay.
The Spirit Tortoise
hasn’t been stopped.
The siege-weapon attack
proved to be ineffective.
[gasps]
However, the siege-weapon teams
are continuing the assault
with no sign of retreat.
[roars]
Concentrate your attacks
on its right foreleg!
Our goal now is to
at least take out one of them!
[rocket whistles]
The right leg!
Concentrate your aim
on its right foreleg!
Fire!
[roars]
[soldiers scream]
Over 50% of their men
are now casualties, I daresay.
And the sappers?
Preparations are complete,
and the bombing team’s
withdrawn.
But one person remained alone,
the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom’s
commander.
What?
[roars]
[panting]
Don’t be in such a hurry,
big guy.
I’m gonna send you back
to your eternal slumber.
Another Shadow’s signal.
The sappers’ bombs worked
and have stopped
the Tortoise for now.
Judging from the commander’s
vulnerable position,
he met his end shortly
after the collapse, I daresay.
I see.
[both grunt]
[high-pitched screech]
[wheels clattering]
Now all that’s left for us
to do is cut off its head.
[Elrasla sighs]
Something like that
is beyond even me.
If my two students
had completely mastered
Hengen Muso style,
then it would be
a different story.
- My apologies.
- [sighs]
[wind blowing]
[Rishia sighs]
What’s wrong?
Well, um, I’ve been
looking through the pages
of these records that the Queen
found just before the battle
and was kind enough
to give to me...
and it says...
[gasps] Th-This! This is it!
[gasps]
- [choir vocalizing]
- [Ost] Isn’t this...
- [gasps]
- What’s wrong?
Are you okay?
Our best bet is
to get close and try to--
Sir Naofumi!
Eh?
Even when
the Spirit Tortoise stops,
it’s still dangerous!
What?
Getting this close
to the Spirit Tortoise
seems to have awakened
some information in my mind.
It appears that when
the Spirit Tortoise
is in a situation like this
and can no longer take souls...
What’s that?
it begins to use...
a long-range assault.
- [gasping]
- What’s that?
- [thorns whooshing]
- Aw, crap!
It’s no use!
Get them to fall back!
Everyone, retreat now!
Huh?
[gasps]
[energy booming]
[soldiers screaming]
This is insane!
Is it that desperate for souls?
[Ost] No. It’s taking
far more souls than it needs.
I suspect whoever’s
controlling it is behind that.
[gasps]
Meteor Shield!
Wh-Why, thank you, Shield Hero.
This thing’s
gonna slaughter us!
[gasps]
I guess I don’t have a choice.
Everyone, get in the carriage!
- Okay!
And you... Shadow!
Here.
Give this message to everyone
back at headquarters.
[gasps] Now what do we do?
[gasps]
Naofumi, what are you...
Hold your weapons high,
because we’re charging
the Spirit Tortoise!
[soldier]
You’ve got to be joking!
That’s practically suicide!
Take a look.
Those thorns it’s firing
aren’t landing
anywhere close to it.
It’s probably trying
to avoid hurting itself.
The soldiers
will take casualties.
We’re in its firing range,
and we don’t have
any other options left.
If we fall back now, when
our formation has collapsed,
then we’re sure to be wiped out.
Everyone follow the Shield Hero!
Ready!
- [soldier gasps]
- Charge!
[cavalry] Charge!
Update! The Spirit Tortoise
was stopped.
But the peace
didn’t last for long.
It’s now launching thorns
at our troops.
We’re struggling!
Now reporting!
The remaining troops
are mounting a charge
on the Tortoise,
per the Shield Hero’s orders!
What?!
Has he gone mad out there?!
Knowing the Shield Hero,
I’m sure he has
a plan up his sleeve.
Pardon me! The Shield Hero
has a message for everyone here.
"I’m moving the plan
to stage two." That is all.
[gasps]
I suppose
it’s our only choice now.
Rally your mage units, Mideus,
specifically
the high-class multicasters!
Begin initiating
the incantation immediately!
[growls]
If we all keep clumping up...
we’ll be wiped out at once!
- [panting]
- [yells]
[soldiers groaning]
Don’t die on me here, soldier!
[groans]
[gasping]
[energy booming]
[thorn whooshes]
Multicaster magic? You mean...
We have to.
We’re all out of options.
[tense music playing]
- [chanting] Here and now...
- It’s hard on the mages,
so we can only use it once,
but if we use
the spell like a mine,
we can blast off its foot.
[Ost] And even if
the spell doesn’t kill it,
it should create
a hole big enough
we can trap the Tortoise in
to keep it from moving.
Yeah. But it’s so big
that we can’t count on it
fitting in the hole all the way.
If that happens, then we’ll
just have to decapitate it.
It’s by far our best option.
You sure?
’Cause if we do that,
then you’ll also...
[gasps]
I don’t mind.
When I first asked
for your help,
I knew this outcome
would be possible.
[Raphtalia grunts]
- [earth crumbles]
- [gasps]
Master Naofumi! Straight ahead!
[roars]
Huh?
[Filo] What is that thing?
[growling]
[tense music playing]
Weird.
It’s some sort of parasite.
Damn. We don’t have
time for this thing!
- [growling]
- [Ost grunts]
[gasps]
Its familiars are weak enough
that I can stop them.
But that means...
- [soldiers yell]
- [gasps]
You there, what are you doing?!
We’ll handle this thing!
You attack
the Spirit Tortoise!
Sorry. Thank you!
Of course.
[thorn whooshes]
[gasps]
[panting]
[both gasp]
Hey, aren’t you...
[panting]
[chuckles]
Hurry, Filo!
[Filo] Roger!
Here and now
we unlock the truths
and bring down the lightning
of God’s judgment!
That light must be...
It is. It’s Judgment.
[Rishia] Y-You mean
the one the Pope used?
Isn’t that a little
too dangerous to use here?
[sizzles]
[gasps]
[growls]
Whatever it is you do, you must
not let this chance go to waste!
I’m way ahead of you.
- Raphtalia! Filo!
- [grunts]
[Filo yelling]
- Spiral...
- Eight Trigrams...
- Strike! Hah!
- Blade of Destiny!
[roaring]
Oh! Raphtalia really did it!
And now you’re
going to try and run?
Yeah, right!
[gasps]
I, Ost Hourai,
give my orders
to the heavens and the earth.
By my power,
may strength be granted
to the holy shield
before me! Now go!
[roaring]
Now! Raphtalia! Filo!
- Right!
[Rishia] W-Wait!
I can help out too!
[both yell]
[both panting]
[rubble clattering]
[soldiers cheering]
[triumphant music playing]
- [cheering fades]
- [music playing only]
[footsteps shuffling]
[music ends]
We really did it!
Yeah.
But if the Tortoise is gone,
then Ost is...
She is, yeah.
She did her duty as a familiar
to the end.
[crying]
Hey, Ost, why is Rishia
crying about you right now?
[crying]
Oh, thank you very much.
[shrieks]
[all gasp]
But that’s impossible.
If you’re still here,
then that must mean...
Huh?
- [Rishia gasps]
- Oh, right.
Well, that’s a shame.
As strong as you are,
it looks like
you haven’t defeated
the Spirit Tortoise yet.